General specifications: Design a weight control system for a container dedicated to grain storage. The container is provided with an opening for releasing the grain onto a conveyor belt. Knowing that the weight sensor used can measure the weight linearly in the range specified in the table column 15-115 kg, the system will be designed so that the weight of the container is maintained in the range specified in the column 26-70 kg. The weight sensor will bias current. The linear variation of the sensor's electrical resistance with weight is specified in column 7k-17k and must be converted to a voltage variation in the range [0รท(15V-2V)]. The weight of the container is maintained within the specified range by means of a pump controlled by a comparator and an electromagnetic relay. The pump-relay assembly will be modeled using a resistor. The state of the pump (on/off) is signaled by an LED, having blue color.

Description: I have implemented a weight control system that uses a weight sensor, a range converter and a comparator to maintain control in a container within a specified range. The use of mirror transistors, repeater and differential amplifier improves the circuit and signal stability of the weight sensor, while the hysteresis comparator can provide more precise control of the container operation.
Generally, this circuit works by continuously measuring the weight in the container and adjusting the operation of the container to keep the weight in the desired range with more accuracy and stability. The comparator ensures that the container is opened and closed at the right time with a small delay to prevent overfilling or underfilling the container.
